drop support for python3.5 (#1528)
twisted/twisted: docs/core/development/policy/coding-standard.rst

Python 3
--------

> Twisted is being ported to Python 3, targeting Python 3.6+.

Reviewer: Maybe 

```suggestion
Twisted is being ported to Python 3, see `setup.cfg` for the supported version.
```

Author: how about?

```suggestion
Twisted was ported to Python 3.
```

Please see :doc:`Porting to Python 3 </core/howto/python3>` for details.

> All new modules must be Python 3.6+ compatible, and all new code to ported modules must be 3.6+ compatible.

Reviewer: Not sure if this paragraph has any current value.
It was created while we were still supporting 2.7.

I think that now, is common sense that any code should work on the minimum supported Python 3 version.

So, either remove this paragraph or replace it with something like:

```suggestion
All new modules must be compatible with the minimum supported Python version.

```

Author: yeah I think this being removed makes the most sense, CI already enforced the relevant python versions

```suggestion
```

> New code in non-ported modules must be written in a 3.6+ compatible way (explicit bytes/unicode strings, new exception raising format, etc) as to prevent extra work when that module is eventually ported.

Reviewer: Again... maybe just remove this info... or write it in a generic way

```suggestion
New code in non-ported modules must be written to work with the minimum supported Python version (explicit bytes/unicode strings, new exception raising format, etc) as to prevent extra work when that module is eventually ported.
```

Author: > extra work when that module is eventually ported.

yep, we don't have a concept of ported/non-ported modules anymore
```suggestion
```

C Code
------

> C code must be optional, and work across multiple platforms (MSVC++9/10/14 for 3.6+ on Windows, as well as recent GCCs and Clangs for Linux, macOS, and FreeBSD).

Reviewer: I have no idea which MSVC++ version is required ...I remember that the C++ compiler has now a different name.. .like Windows 10 SDK or something like this.

But I think that the C code poilicy is now to move any C code outside of this repo :)

```suggestion
C code must be optional, and work across multiple platforms (MSVC++9/10/14 for Python 3 on Windows, as well as recent GCCs and Clangs for Linux, macOS, and FreeBSD).

It should be distributed as a separate package and not  as part of the main Twisted project.
```

Author: this policy is already here:
https://github.com/twisted/twisted/pull/1528/files/92cd5ad286fc947645867667f218b12eeb9459ec#diff-514cad77343003f66671092af193f29ac569e2a6b6bd04ffd62ff468f17b6f07R644

Author: ```suggestion
C code must be optional, and work across multiple platforms (MSVC++14 for Python 3 on Windows, as well as recent GCCs and Clangs for Linux, macOS, and FreeBSD).
```

https://wiki.python.org/moin/WindowsCompilers#Which_Microsoft_Visual_C.2B-.2B-_compiler_to_use_with_a_specific_Python_version_.3F
